Add difference between invoke and spawn and cross-link relevant pages (#100)
statelyai/docs: versioned_docs/version-5/actors.mdx

- Starting actors via `actor.start()`
- Stopping system actor via `actor.stop()`

### Invoking and spawning actors

An invoked actor represents a state-based actor, so it is stopped when the invoking state is exited. Invoked actors are used for a finite/known number of actors.

A spawned actor represents multiple entities that can be started at any time and stopped at any time. Spawed actors are action-based and used for a dynamic or unknown number of actors.

> An example of the difference between invoking and spawning actors could occur in a todo app. When saving todos, a `saveTodos` actor would be an invoked actor; it represents a state-based task. In comparison, each of the `n` todos can themselves be spawned actors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of the difference between invoking and spawning actors could occur in a todo app. When loading todos, a `loadTodos` actor would be an invoked actor; it represents a single state-based task. In comparison, each of the todos can themselves be spawned actors, and there can be a dynamic number of these actors.
```
